Rewrite ivy page, add template typecheck doc (#33152)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/aot-compiler.md

{@a binding-expression-validation}
## Phase 3: Template type checking

One of the Angular compiler's most helpful features is the ability to type-check expressions within templates, and catch any errors before they cause crashes at runtime.
In the template type-checking phase, the Angular template compiler uses the TypeScript compiler to validate the binding expressions in templates.

Enable this phase explicitly by adding the compiler option `"fullTemplateTypeCheck"` in the `"angularCompilerOptions"` of the project's `tsconfig.json`
(see [Angular Compiler Options](guide/angular-compiler-options)).

<div class="alert is-helpful>

In [Angular Ivy](guide/ivy), the template type checker has been completely rewritten to be more capable as well as stricter, meaning it can catch a variety of new errors that the previous type checker would not detect.

As a result, templates that previously compiled under View Engine can fail type checking under Ivy. This can happen because Ivy's stricter checking catches genuine errors, or because application code is not typed correctly, or because the application uses libraries in which typings are inaccurate or not specific enough.

> For more information about improvements to template type checking in v9 and help in migrating to the stricter checks available in this and future releases, see [Updating to version 9](guide/updating-to-version-9).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This stricter type checking can be enabled via the `strictTemplates` config option and is not enabled by default in version 9, however we do expect it to become the default in the future.

For more information about improvements to template type checking in version 9 and help in migrating to the stricter checks available in this and future releases, see [Updating to version 9](guide/updating-to-version-9).
```

In the template type-checking phase, the Angular template compiler uses the TypeScript compiler to validate the binding expressions in templates.

Enable this phase explicitly by adding the compiler option `"fullTemplateTypeCheck"` in the `"angularCompilerOptions"` of the project's `tsconfig.json`
(see [Angular Compiler Options](guide/angular-compiler-options)).

<div class="alert is-helpful>

In [Angular Ivy](guide/ivy), the template type checker has been completely rewritten to be more capable as well as stricter, meaning it can catch a variety of new errors that the previous type checker would not detect.

As a result, templates that previously compiled under View Engine can fail type checking under Ivy. This can happen because Ivy's stricter checking catches genuine errors, or because application code is not typed correctly, or because the application uses libraries in which typings are inaccurate or not specific enough.

This stricter type checking is not enabled by default in version 9, but can be enabled by setting the `strictTemplates` configuration option.

> We do expect to make strict type checking the default in future.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We do expect to make strict type checking the default in the future.
```

> For more information about improvements to template type checking in v9 and help in migrating to the stricter checks available in this and future releases, see [Updating to version 9](guide/updating-to-version-9).

Reviewer 3: We need to make sure this is the correct link - do we have any template type-checking info in this doc?

Author: This should point to the new type-checking page, which hasn't landed yet.
We are planning to integrate this section with that page after it lands -- I'll comment this out for now.
